Ye Xuan, it's time for you to complete what you have to do, people
I can't go down
There you go.
I know you can walk
I beg you to go
common people
From small to large
Everyone who loves me
Everyone who helped me died
If you die too
I really don't know what to do anymore.
common people
In fact, I'm not kind at all
If the blind reader is not the concubine at all
I did it myself
I thought he died after eating the gourd
Wang Junshou's death
I also arranged it for the bet
I want to win
I've been planning this for 13 years.
Fly but die
Wang Junshou is dead
Grandpa is dead
Meng Fei is dead
They were all killed by me
I am mean
insidious
I don't deserve my throne at all
I couldn't save them.
I can't save Qin and Zhou
Even my beloved
I can't save it either
Please, please.
Don't die
Otherwise all this I do
I'm really meaningless
Ye Xuan
Do you remember when you first learned swordsmanship?
What did you say to me?
You say many times
People live for certain beliefs
If there is no hope
No conviction
Then you can't call it a person
Just the walking dead
Meaning needs to be given to Ye Xuan by yourself
I have accompanied you through three whole spring, summer, autumn and winter
I only believe in the Ye Xuan I see
The Ye Xuan I love
He can remember every ray of light he experiences
He can afford it.
Every expectation he gets
You have people in your heart
So I believe you.
This is the country
People can only be handed over to you alone
Then give the old man a good practice
Don't embarrass him
He can persevere in his every effort
These are the ones I know
Ye Xuan like a spring flower
Do you still remember the appearance of Yang Chunhua?
He is like a star
Even if the stars are broken
The light that looks around
It makes sense.